Add `FTextFormField` & tweak `FSelect` (#509)
forus-labs/forui: docs/app/docs/form/text-form-field/page.mdx

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";
import { Tabs } from 'nextra/components';
import { Widget } from '@/components/demo/widget.tsx';
import LinkBadge from '@/components/ui/link-badge/link-badge.tsx';
import LinkBadgeGroup from '@/components/ui/link-badge/link-badge-group.tsx';

# Text Form Field

A text field that can be used in forms, allowing the user to enter text, either with a hardware keyboard or with an
onscreen keyboard.

<LinkBadgeGroup>
    <LinkBadge label="API Reference" href="https://pub.dev/documentation/forui/latest/forui.widgets.text_field/"/>
</LinkBadgeGroup>

<Callout type="info">

>   See [`FTextField`](/docs/form/text-form-field) for using text fields outside of forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `FTextFormField` wraps [`FTextField`](/docs/form/text-field) and provides a [`FormField`](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/FormField-class.html).
```

Updated the copywriting + broken link.

</Callout>

> 
> ### Form
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
